Feature/wazideploy query template (#325)
IBM/dbb: Templates/GitlabCIPipeline/Reporting-pipeline/wazi-deploy-query/README.md

# Gitlab IBM Wazi Deploy query template
This template provides a [.gitlab-ci.yml](.gitlab-ci.yml) definition file, to query the evidence file using the [queryTemplate.yml](queryTemplate.yml) template.

## Overview and capabilities
This pipeline template is analyzing the evidence file, to list the names of the deployed artifacts that are created as a result of the deployment. 

The pipeline has only one stage:

`Query`
   * We first index the evidence files to make them searchable.
   * This example creates a simple renderer file in yaml format.

The pipeline uses the Gitlab concepts: `Stage`and `Jobs`.

<img width="658" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/dead3fd1-3bf1-41e6-9c0a-394b5fc6c743" />

> ## Structure and setup of template

Reviewer: I think some high-level instructions are required to set up the pipeline. E.x : 

* Create a GitLab project
* Copy files into the root of the project.
* Review the `.gitlab-ci.yml` file with your Gitlab administrator. 

### Prerequisites
This pipeline is submitting a query against a centrally managed set of Wazi Deploy evidence files that are expected to be collected on the same machine where this pipeline will be executed.

The directory of Wazi Deploy evidence files is referenced by within the `.gitlab-ci.yml` file by the `wdEvidencesRoot` variable.

### CLI Parameter and description

The following variables need to be updated within the pipeline definition file: `.gitlab-ci.yml`.

CLI Parameter | Description
--- | ---
templateFile |  path to the query file that contains the extraction criteria for the analysis.
reportFile | path to store the output file produced as a result of running the Wazi deploy query.
rendererFile | (optional) path to the renderer file that transforms the analysis results into a specified output format such as HTML, JSON or txt 

## Pipeline usage

This pipleine implements the [wazi-deploy-evidence-command](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/developer-for-zos/17.0.0?topic=commands-wazi-deploy-evidence-command) for easy use of deployment analysis. 

Please check the below parameters for which this pipeline is executed.

Parameter | Description
--- | ---
application | Specify the name of your application (eg: retirementCalculator, Mortgage-SA)
module | The program name
type | Specify the type of artifacts (eg: COBOL,JCL)
environment | Specify the environment (eg: integration, acceptance)

### Implementation of the pipeline

> When a developer wants to analyze the Wazi deploy evidence file to get the list of artifacts that have been deployed, the pipeline can be triggered manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To query the Wazi deploy evidence index, the developer triggers the pipeline manually. When requesting the pipeline, multiple filter criteria can be configured to limit the search on element name, element type, application or environment.
```
